## *1. What did you find? Which borough is the most expensive? Any other interesting trends?*
>"Hackney" borough is the most expensive borough in London. However, the average price increase for the top fifteen boroughs in London between 1998 and 2015 has been within the range of 4.76 to 6.20 fold, Which points to a significant price appreciation.

## *2. How did you arrive at your conclusion?*
> We were trying to answer the question: **Which boroughs of London have seen the greatest increase in housing prices, on average, over the last two decades?** In an effort to answer the question, a new metric of price ratio was calculated as the ratio of the house price for a particular borough in 2018 to the house price in 1998. This was accomplished by defining a new function and iterating over the house prices for all boroughs in London. Finally, this results was converted to a pandas dataframe and the top fifteen boroughs were analyzed to arrive at the borough with the highest average house price increase.

## *3. What were the main challenges you encountered? How did you overcome them? What could you not overcome?*
> * Cleaning Data: The data variables were in rows and the observations were in columns. In order to have variables in columns and observations in rows, data manipulation in the form of transpose, resetting index, and dataframe melt were performed. NaN values were removed by dropping them which reduced the observations from 15168 to 14220. There were borough names in the 'London_boroughs' column which were not valid boroughs. A list was created of the non-valid borough names and the dataframe was filtered to drop these non-valid boroughs. This reduced the observations from 14220 to 10428 rows. Finally, this was the data which was used for further analysis.
> * Data Visualization: A new column 'Year' was created by extracting the year from the 'Date' column by defining a lambda function. The dataframe was grouped by borough and year to prepare for modelling.
> * Modelling: A function was created to calculate the ratio of average house price in 1998 to 2018, which was then used to iterate over the unique boroughs in 'London_boroughs' column. The final result was stored in dictionary containing the top fifteen price ratios for 'London_boroughs'

## *4. Is there anything you’d like to investigate deeper?*
> It would be interesting to capture the data on these boroughs in terms of their population, income, types of occupation residents are employed in, schools availability, and employment opportunities available to name a few variables in order to investigate the reasons for the house price increase in these boroughs. 
